Ooh, hey, that's nice. It's nice to be heard.
All right, so if I hit stream in OBS, that doesn't make me go live.
I have to separately go create a broadcast.
Like on Twitch, if you hit start streaming, it actually starts the stream on Twitch,
but you're saying it doesn't on Twitter?
Yeah, it doesn't. So I have to go and create a broadcast, which I just did.
And now I can tweet it. This is going to be our routine, I guess.
I'm just on your Twitter trying to see it, and I just saw your errors tweet.
This is good. And then I saw the part where you'll come to my house and slap me.
If I'm a going dick. Yeah, only going.
You know what's funny?
I wrote that, and I was like, I know some Go Dev is going to say something.
I'm like very prepared for it.
And a bunch of people reply being like, you know what, I was going to say something.
Because I was like, good thing I put that in there. Otherwise it would have gotten annoyed.
That's awesome. So another one of those big, big posts, you wrote a bunch.
And one post. Yeah, I've been doing that more.
Initially, I was like, if I write something long, no one's ever going to read it.
But I found the opposite. I feel like those, I've had good experience with that.
Yeah. I don't know if Twitter is doing something where it like is actively promoting longer stuff.
Isn't it? I remember seeing something at some point in the last two weeks where it was like,
how much time you spend looking at the tweet is like boost engagement.
So if they have to read a really long one, they're looking at it a long time, presumably.
That makes sense. Maybe.
Yeah. I still try to stick to the format where like it's broken up into bite-sized chunks.
Because I think that just is like a good way to write. Even before I was on Twitter,
and I even when I was writing emails, I'd always write in that way.
Yeah. I'd be like when I would write like big paragraphs, it would just be one big paragraph.
Yeah. I could just see them like skimming past it or like.
Can humans even read a long paragraph anymore? Like, is that a thing that we're capable of?
Have we evolved out of it? You know what I mean? Blog posts, I guess, have long paragraphs.
But are blogs just, are they on a trend to zero? Is that how it works? Or is it going to always
have a place? I've always been, I've always been a skimmer. I feel like even when I read books,
it's not that I would like literally skim and skip stuff. I kind of read in this way where I like
skim over everything in a page quickly, then like skim it again. Kind of like it's like,
I am kind of like reading in order, but I'm like, I kind of do it fast as one phase,
and I do it like a little bit more focused on this as a second phase, and I've always kind of
run in that way. So I, the way I read, and this is why I don't read blog posts anymore,
I'm reading word for word until I get distracted or I think it's something else,
and then I have to go back to like the last sentence. I'm such a slow reader. I constantly
have to go back and reread, because I realized like I wasn't actually paying attention.
And if I wasn't paying attention, I got to read it again. So I can't skim, I guess.
I have no skimmer. No skimming bones. I'm imagining you with your finger on the screen
of your computer. Follow the words. I have to do it that way. Yeah, keep my focus.
I do wonder about this. I don't think, I think with a lot of things, there's like always
some moral panic over new technology, whatever it is, and it's usually kind of stupid, like,
I don't even think it's bad if we stop having attention spans. I don't know. It's just the way
we're evolving. But go ahead. I get a little worried about it because the flip side is people
always point to like, there's some like old news article that's like, books are going to like,
ruin your children. It just is something like that, where there's like panic around the concept of
books. But in the past year, and I've like pulled this back a bit on my recovering,
I feel like I did go down a path where I was like very much eroding my ability to
focus for a while. Oh, yeah, we've talked about this. I think I did too. Yeah, yeah,
exactly. And there's like all kind of thinking like that just happening to me as I'm like an
adult and this stuff is showing up in my life now. And it's impacting me and I'm imagining like,
I'm seeing all this stuff on that thing they do on TikTok where they have to show you two things.
They can't show you one thing. They have to show you like the thing and then like,
the subway surfer thing at the bottom. So you can like, yeah, so you'll actually stick around and
pay attention. Yeah. And I'm like, that, I don't know if that's good. And I think it just,
I just noticed I was developing a lot of compulsive behaviors where I would just do stuff without
even thinking about it. And it was all reflexive, like, my phone and my finger will automatically
hit a certain thing. And suddenly I would be somewhere and I'll be like, why did I get here?
And if you need to use your phone for something, there's so many times like I need to look something
up or I need to like pull up maps or something. And I end up in some other like, I'm in Twitter.
And it's like, how do I even I had something I needed to do? And I don't even remember what it was.
That does feel bad, I guess. Like we're a bunch of zombies. I mean, you have kids, so you can like,
I imagine myself like getting distracted and like five children, I like forget about them for like
30 minutes. I'm like, Oh, shit. You know, I feel like that kind of stuff can't, but you can't let
that kind of stuff happen. But yeah, I found this app that it just delays the opening of the app
you're trying to open. So like, if I try to open Twitter, it like delays it by 20 seconds. It like
shows me a loading screen on the web. And that like, no, on my phone on iOS. That's possible.
Well, it's so clever. Because iOS launched this like API for like app actions or like
automations or something. So yeah, automation where whenever this app opens, let this other app handle
it. And that app will show you a loading screen for 20 seconds and then let you what is it called?
I want it. That's so brilliant. I was thinking this is some Android thing. And I was like, no,
I know you got an iPhone. There's I saw it on a Twitter ad, ironically, it's I'm looking at the
splash screen. I think it's called like one second or something. It's something like that.
One second. I literally Oh, here we go. It's called. Okay, open the app. How I figure out the app name.
Oh, it's called one sec. One sec. Okay. Yeah. This is a little bit annoying to set up because,
you know, iOS isn't what you do this directly. So to kind of like, for each app you want to
trigger this on. Yeah. Do you do that? This has worked for you. Like it's helped you
not just impulsively open stuff. It's killed the compulsion compulsive behavior. Now whenever I
open it, I like I'm doing it very intentionally. And I know what I'm doing. It's and it like tracks
how much it reduced your behavior and all that. So it's definitely rewarding in that way.
The reason I know this works is I a long time ago, I had the same habit with Reddit,
where whenever my brain would go blank, my reflex would just be to go on my browser and just type
Reddit and I suddenly I'd like be on Reddit and like, why did I get here? Yeah. And there was a
Chrome extension that just delayed the opening. And that just killed that habit for me entirely.
It's funny that just a little bit of friction is enough. I mean, that's the whole like atomic
habits thing. I mean, there's at least part of the atomic habits book is about that, like putting
friction between bad habits and you and then like reducing friction between you and good habits.
So that one of the 10 books you've read? I don't know. No, I actually haven't read that one,
but I know it's super popular as Liz Reddit and you've got the you got the gist of it.
I don't think she's read by I think Alan's read it and that's it. That's like, I feel like I have
all the people in my life. They have like categories to cover the book. Yeah. Alan is definitely like
the life hacking category. Yeah. Okay. Person. So he always summarizes those things for me.
Does Alan? Okay. So I feel like I've gotten into life hacking a little bit,
mostly because I'm feeling the age thing. We've talked about it a lot of the podcasts.
Yeah. You're definitely in that category too. Yeah. Like I'm doing the sauna. I'm doing the
the cold plunging. Is that life hacking? And does Alan do those things? He definitely 100%. Like you
and like all this stuff that you listed. Yeah. I'm sure he saw that list and just was like,
I'm he probably just wanted to try to like buy a bunch of that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know.
Like I don't think I'm like in the life hacks, but I guess that's kind of it's like sophisticated
life hacks. It's like, I don't know, when someone like Wim Hof tells you to like get cold exposure,
you feel like he's like a shaman or something. I don't know. It feels spiritual. It doesn't feel
like a airport book. That's like, here's how to improve your whatever relationships. I don't know.
What are they? What are they trying to sell? Yeah. I know you mean it's like, it's more tangible.
There's like, and I, it's like, I actually believe in all that stuff. Like a lot of stuff is really
effective. Well, yeah. Most of it, there's science. I mean, like, I mostly don't do stuff unless
there's your favorite life. There's science. I mean, there's like papers. There's like peer
reviewed papers. It's helping. I don't like to do things if I don't know there's been some study
that has proven some non placebo effect. Okay. I only do things like that. I have a take on this
and you're going to shatter my worldview. Go ahead. Sort of. I think, I think I like disagree
with that concept. So here, here's a science. Oh, you disagree with science. Okay. Go ahead,
Dax. It's not the concept of science. I think I disagree with the vast majority of academic
research. So I'll give you. So I was talking, so for background, so Liz spent the first part of her
career in academic research. And she's described to me so much about those environments. And I've
heard like beyond just from her, like so much about how those environments work. That just makes me
like lose faith in a lot of it because it's kind of broken fundamentally. I think there's different
categories of things. I think there's certain fields that the general idea of it is most academic
research is kind of BS. You can kind of make up whatever thing you want. The incentives are not
really around finding truth that's around like some of these other things. Yeah. So you can find
competing like to. Yeah, they can find whatever, whatever you want. So studies that prove opposite
points. Yeah. I like kind of an annoyed, I'm annoyed by everyone on this on involved in this
process. Right. And the thing we were talking about the other day is I saw a paper that was like,
some academic paper that shows that trigger warnings are not effective. Okay, so what a trigger warning
is is a trigger warning. Like, this is like, it's okay, this is a stupid concept that came out where
people have certain trauma. And when you might potentially talk about things in that category,
you like say trigger warning for people blah, blah, blah, blah. It's a really dumb concept. It's
like a way it's like trying to like formalize being sensitive or like communicating effectively
into the stupid set of rules. Yeah. So from the beginning, I knew this maze that makes no sense.
Like anyone with intuition and can think about this and knows that this is a concept that doesn't
make any sense. But then there was a research study on this concept. The research study,
I also think makes no sense because you can like, how are you going to really research something
like this? Like, you really can't put together an effective research study. So I think one of the
people that made up this concept, dumb, the people then that went and did a research study,
also dumb, they did find it has no, like it's not effective. So it kind of reflects what
my instinct was. Yeah. But I also think people that want to cite that are also dumb. I want to like
kill its entire process. It's like, when it comes to these like psychology and sociology things,
it's like the research around that stuff. I just, I feel like we would get out of the mindset of like,
Oh, papers are the thing. Yeah, that proves it. Because it's like, you can find competing
results for like anything. It's pretty noisy. That applies for you across the board for all
areas. Because it's like, I agree with the psychology, sociology stuff. But what about like
biosciences like medical health? It just it depends. I think I think we try to treat everything like
physics. And we like run the same process for everything. That's why obviously for the stuff like
psychology just doesn't work. That's so far away from something like physics. And there's a spectrum.
Even with the biology stuff, I feel like just the body is so, so complex. I'm not discounting all
research in entirely, of course, it's how we make progress. But usually on a list of reasons why
I'm like sold by something, like that part of it is lower is lower. That's low on the read. Yeah.
Okay. You should try cold. Do you do any cold exposure? Because I'm telling you, it feels amazing.
It feels so good. It doesn't feel good in the moment. But after like for hours after,
there's just this afterglow. You get like five minutes and a cold plunge at really cold temperatures.
I can't describe. I believe it. I have 100% believe it. It's just not this is not going to be my
thing. I literally moved to Miami to do you like do you like the heat? I mean, you're in Miami.
Do you like a sauna? I definitely done a bunch of steam rooms and saunas. And I do enjoy them. I
think they're great. So the cold plunge, I can kind of like this is probably not the same, but I can
kind of relate to a little bit like growing up in my parents had a pool and we also had a hot tub.
Yeah. So at night when it got cold, we don't go into the hot tub, get super hot. Yeah. You would
jump into like the freezing cold water. Uh huh. And then just stay there for as long as we could,
then we would swim back into the hot tub and we'd do this back and forth. And it did feel like
feels good. It felt right. I don't know. Contrast therapy. That's what that is right there.
Yeah. Oh, there you go. There's a name for it. There's a name for it. There's a name for
everything that's it's in the papers. You should check them out. Do you read the papers or do you
are you just satisfied? I don't read the papers. No, I just, um, as long as someone tells me there's
a paper, you just say like, Oh, there's a paper that proves something. That's a checkbox for me
in my mind. I'm not going to read the paper. I wouldn't know what to do with it if I read it.
Have you ever, have you done any like Wim Hof breathing? I've tried it because it's like,
it's insane how immediately effective it is, right? Like his approach. It is so yeah. I like,
I've tried meditation. I've tried like the headspace app and like, I've generally not resonated with,
I don't know, clearing my thoughts and like being in a meditative state that I feel like is the
closest thing that feels like when I deflate that like after 30 breaths and just hold the breath
for 90 seconds or whatever, that state I'm in is the most relaxed I ever feel. Like I just feels
really good to me. And it doesn't go any further than that. Like I don't care if there's an explanation.
It's just like, I feel really good at the end of that cycle of breaths. So I do love the Wim Hof
breathing. Nice. Yeah. Jay is super into meditation. I think he meditates every morning and he's gone
to a really good place with it. I think he's like, he's been on and off in his life. And right now,
he's in like this really steady, like he's been doing it for a while. It's like a thing that I
always want to come back to like, it's an aspirational thing of mine. Because I know, I mean, the like,
extreme examples where people just through meditation can enter into like, transited states. I mean,
just like, sort of like psychedelics, like they can. Yeah. And any state you can get to with a drug,
you can technically like get to get there on your own. Yeah. That just blows my mind. So I do like
aspire to get there one day, but I'm not, I've not been able to progress much when I've tried.
Yeah. Yeah. It is challenging. It's amazing. Like the Wim Hof breathing takes, I don't know,
like 12 minutes or something, like to just do the normal, like set of three rounds or whatever.
And it's amazing how hard it is just every morning that's like set aside 12 minutes.
It's like, I just want to get straight to work. I want to get straight into something I'm on. And
it's amazing. Like it's 12 minutes. I'll spend that time waiting on the Twitter app or whatever.
Like, yeah, it's so stupid. Yeah. It's just, it's just a habit. It's, um, you know, the habit I
told you about last week, my walking backwards in the morning while blowing bubbles. Oh, yeah.
Been doing it. Yeah. This week. I went for a long walk yesterday. I like to put like a ruck sack.
Like it's like 30 pounds of weight. And I did like at least 10 minutes of my hour walk. I did
backward. And my knee, I honestly, I feel like it's already feeling better. I don't know how
that's possible, but the inflammation in my knee is down is it's amazing. Some things,
some things are just like that. I think there's just like, you've never walked backwards. When
you start doing it and immediately you're going to get some benefit. It's, it's that elbow thing.
I tell the tennis elbow is gone after like two days of using this little thing. Yeah,
it is crazy. I quickly, you can, you can fix some of those things if you just find the right trick.
But yeah, I feel like I was walking, I feel like a sensation in the back of my knee where I like,
I feel like it's getting worked out in a way that it's never been worked out before. And I feel
like some kind of strength as a, like related to that. So yeah, let's get, let's get a little check
on your physical activity here, Dax. Have you gotten back to it? Are you still using the
old? I should probably get my knee a little longer. You know, you know, it's really stupid.
So I hurt my ankle two days ago. Are you kidding me? I'm just on this terrible trend. Was it walking
backwards, blowing bubbles that you hurt your ankle? I like hype, I kind of like hyper extent,
because I was doing some of these knee exercises and that kind of hyper extent in my ankle. And it
felt totally fine. And like later in the day, I like got up and I was like, Oh man, that doesn't
feel good. Oh no, it's basically back to normal. But I think by then this week, this week was
supposed to be my week back. I was going to go back to Jim and do anything. Yeah, that's what I thought.
Yeah, that's why I'm checking in on it. Yeah, this ankle thing. Delayed it a little bit.
I broke my toe like two months ago. You broke it. It's just how? How do you break your toe?
You know how toes break that are just kind of like fractured and they use. No, I've never,
I've never broken a bone. I don't know. I don't know how anything breaks. I'm made of steel.
I just slammed it into like, I was coming back inside my house to the back door. And I like
just stupidly slammed it straight into like the step. Oh, and I had no shoes on.
Oh, I don't know. Yeah, yeah. I am alive. Yeah. And I was like, well, that's definitely broken.
And there was one thing that like there's something you can do for you just tape it to the next toe.
It's like kind of annoying and they take forever to fully heal. It doesn't really stop you from doing
like a nagging because you're still walking on it. I mean, you can't. Yeah, it's not been. I was
like working out. I know it was all fine, but if you broke another bones, like, is this a common
collarbone? You've broken your collarbone. It's a very, it's a classic. I'm like, I could actually
participate in that Reddit, but no broken bones Reddit. Have you seen that? No, is that a thing?
Oh, it's a thing. There's a Reddit for people who've never broken their bones. And as soon as
somebody like breaks a bone, they post there and it's like, you're out and they kick them out.
Wow. They broke a bone and they're so sad that they're no longer part of the Reddit.
You should check it out. The subreddit. That's really funny. Wait, but you don't remember the name
exactly. You've been injured though, because you hurt your like, tore your in. Yeah, I've had like,
like, ligament injuries. I've never, never broken a bone now.
Maybe jiu-jitsu will, will push that to the limit. Maybe I'll break a rib or something.
Do people break things and jiu-jitsu at those mostly like tears and stuff?
Ribs. People bruise and break ribs. Oh, wow. I think that's probably the most susceptible to a
break. Rib, rib injury seem like the worst. It's like breathing. Yeah, exactly. Everything just,
you're, you can't really keep it stable for any period of time. You're always breathing.
I've got all kinds of little bumps and bruises now. Like my fingers, my knuckles are getting so
thick. Like they say you've got little micro fractures. Just from, yeah, just from all the
gripping. I'm going to have these like arthritic, lumpy hands and I just.
Well, it might be good for it, isn't it? I don't know. That's kind of a thing last week. I think
the thing that that physical therapist actually taught me was arthritis where
her point was everyone has arthritis and some parts of her body, because all it is just like,
stuff degenerating. Yeah. Then they use it less and then it just gets,
it just kind of speeds up. It's deterioration. Yeah. So using it, if you keep using it,
the arthritis isn't bad. Yeah. Like you might still have like some level of like
discomfort or pain with it, but it'll like stay flat as opposed to getting worse. Yeah. Yeah.
So I'm going to change the topic because I'm talking about it. Oh, about our bodies. Yeah,
sorry. I'm, the last thing I'll say, I'm just, it's, I've never been obsessed with a physical
activity before. So this is very new to me. Wait, is that true though? I don't know when you play
sports and I was never that into it. I was like big and athletic. I had to play basketball because
like my friends played basketball and I was like a foot taller than everybody. So I didn't have
an option. Okay. I was like, I was a pretty good football player, but I never really was that
into it. I didn't ever think about football if I wasn't on the football field. Like, okay,
this has been like 24 hours a day. I am consumed with getting better at Jiu Jitsu. So it's just like,
I've, my full obsession laser beam that I throw at things and it's a physical activity. So it's
very new to me. Sorry. I've talked so much about my aging, aching body. I'll stop. But I'm competing
at tournament amounts. You're probably going to hear more of it because like it's all I'm
thinking about. Sorry. Tech. Let's talk about tech or something. Yeah. Yeah. So do we talk about
the Terraform licensing change? No. And I know very little. I just know they made some licensing
changes. Could you please inform me? Yeah. Yeah. So so hash a corp, the company behind a few major
open source projects. I think people mostly know from Terraform, but there's a bunch of other stuff
that they run as well, like vault and console and Nomad. They just make a bunch of like infrastructure,
low level type open source products. Is this another benevolent dictator situation?
No, I think it's a good different pattern that that shows up. So they they've started as an
open source company. So everything they did was open source and they were following the model of,
okay, we have an open source products and they're going to be open source because they make
sense to be open source. We want them to spread as much as possible. We want an ecosystem to build
on top of them. And then we're going to have some adjacent products that are more enterprise
focus that are paid to sustain the whole thing. And they've been extremely successful as a company,
right? They like IPO, they're public company and all that. But they aren't actually doing super well.
And they recently made a major decision to move all of their products under a different license
called the business source license. And this is an interesting model where it's not the same as
taking something open source and then making it close source. Everything is still like the code
is still available. And it's always going to be available. But you cannot use their products
to build a competing product. So if you are an end user of Terraform, if you use Terraform to
run up your infrastructure or whatever, you're fine. It doesn't really affect.
Yeah, it doesn't really affect end users. But SST. Yeah. So we potentially wanted to
use Terraform to build SST on top of it. And there's a bunch of companies that have already
done this. There's a big company called Spacelift that's been pretty successful on building a product
on top of Terraform. Very successful, actually. People prefer it to Terraform's kind of equivalent
product. So it goes after kind of competitive companies. I hate this situation. I think it's
a really bad situation for a few reasons. I'm generally fine with business source licenses like
this because there are situations that you want to prevent. If you build a database,
you don't necessarily want AWS to provide a managed version of it without paying you.
Yeah. That's not a good situation. That's kind of...
Right? I mean, yeah, with the last second. That's kind of... And Mongo, right? Or no,
they didn't use Mongo. They just made a similar product. No, they did. And they have a good
Mongo compatible products that no one uses. Yeah. Is that document to be? Yeah, anyway.
Remember Rick Wollihan was like ranting about it? That was so good. That was worth the trip to
re-event. Yeah, that one hour. So that's fine. But I don't think it makes sense universally.
I think there's some tools that are low level. So you imagine something like a programming
language, right? Imagine something like Go. Yeah. Imagine if Google was like,
if you're end user of Go, that's fine. But you can't use Go to build a competing product.
That kind of kills the entire concept of using Go, right? For something foundational like a
programming language, you need to be as open as, you know, widely available as possible. So I can
spread to all the places that I can possibly spread to. Yeah. Yeah.
And the reason HashiCorp is doing this, my take on it is because they actually failed the product.
If you look at all the products they tried to build, they're extremely good at building
the actual tools. Yeah. But all the SaaS software they try to build, they just failed. They just
fail to execute on it. And there are competitors that actually did a better job. It's particularly
damning because it's really weird when a competitor uses your tool to build a better product.
Because you have all the advantages possible. First to it, you have like way more influence on it.
Like, imagine if someone built a better host for Next.js than Versailles. That would be like a
really bad fit. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Right. So that's a situation they're in,
and they're choosing to try to like tighten and squeeze now instead of kind of foundation
every thinking of what their actual problem is. They just fail at the business model side of
the face. Yeah. So some of these examples of companies that are built on top, are they now
feeling this? They have to like, what, pay HashiCorp or abandon the thing? Like, what do they do?
Yeah. It's a tricky situation because, okay, so the way this stuff works is they can't retroactively
apply this. So the current version of Terraform, and I think this license doesn't go into effect
immediately. So I think there's another, either to the end of the year, there's another year or
something like that. There will be a version of Terraform that will forever be open source.
It just cannot ingest any changes made after a certain point. So any like bug fixes,
features, security patches, you can't just suck those in directly. Yeah. So at this point,
a lot of these companies, they're going to like go to the legal process to see what actually is
the case. Like, it's very unclear. A lot of the companies are saying, oh, we think we're actually
in compliance based off what their licenses says. I don't think that's a case. I think the license
is intentionally a little bit vague. So they can like case by case aside, like, we're fine with
this company using it. We're not fine with this company using it. I think a lot of companies are
going to, they're not going to be fine in this situation. So there just be a fork.
Yeah. Oh, a fork. Okay. So I was going to ask, like, they're just stuck on that version of
the products that they're building on top of that you're saying they'll just fork it and make changes
as they need to, like a community led thing right now. I think they're going about it in a good way.
Right now they established something called open terraform, which is not yet a fork. It is just
right now, like a, like a plea to hash a corpse saying like reconsider. And here's like
a hundred companies that have said, we want you to reconsider. And if you don't, we're going to
commit X amount of resources to maintaining a fork. Yeah. So from hashtag course point of view,
like they should consider it. I think a fork is not good for anyone. But if they don't,
I think we end up in a much better situation actually because now you have a bunch of different
companies. No one company failing is going to affect this project. It's big enough where there's
enough companies that are going to support it. And that some of the companies compete with each
other. So it kind of like brings that situation. I think that's a good thing. Yeah. It's maybe like
really like reconsider what kind of open source can work. I feel like anything this low level and
this foundational, it just has to either be supported by something like this, where it's a group of
different companies that are like, no one company failing is going to affect it, or just like in
some kind of foundation and set up. Why does this remind my dumb brain of Docker? Is there any
parallel to like? Yeah. I think I think Docker is a great example of what like hash a corpse
worst fear in a lot of ways. Docker what is a runtime. And it's extremely hard to come with a
business model around a runtime because the point of a runtime is it runs somewhere else, right?
Yeah. So all the places people are running things are just going to support your runtime and profit
off of it. So yeah, Docker runs on AWS on Google Cloud on like literally everywhere. And they
almost feel as a company, they're like literally almost went to zero. They had a great turnaround
story because it came up with a completely different way to make money. Oh, they did. I didn't know
that. Yeah. They actually just charge for Docker desktop now, which I don't really understand why
people play for. But really, I hate that I have Docker desktop on my machine. I can't imagine paying
for it. Yeah. I think I guess because I'm back, you like kind of need it. Yeah. I mean,
yeah. Emulate or run a VM or something. Unfortunately, it seems like there's always a project that
makes me download Docker again. And then I delete it when I don't need it. Yeah, exactly. So I don't
know how long this is going to last. I feel like eventually there's even going to be an open source
version of that. But they hit like a hundred million hour like, oh, wow, two years after almost
being dead. I didn't know that turnaround story. Again, where do you read these? Is this a Wall Street
Journal? What are you? I don't know. I just feel like when you're, I'm just in the dead tool space,
I guess, I would have been always hearing about this stuff from other founders and things. I think
there was like a big write up on this. Like just like a good business case to learn from. But yeah,
it is really pick your brain more. There's a lot in there. There's a lot of stuff. I mean,
I feel like that's what this podcast is. I pick your brain quite a bit, but I'm not taking advantage
of it enough. I feel like I can ask you any random question. And you've probably got an answer,
some well informed. I'm just going to run out of stuff eventually. I don't really want you to
increase your rate. I think your rate of consumption of my knowledge is good. I think we're at a good
place. Okay, we'll just keep this pace. Yeah. I want to get beyond 100. Like 100 is a milestone,
and I'm very excited about or halfway episodes, 100 episodes. Yeah. Yeah. Not 100% of your knowledge.
I don't know what that means. Yeah. But yeah, so it is similar to Docker and that like sometimes
it is hard to figure out a business model around open source. I think it's always possible. I think
if you are good enough a product and if you're good enough and creative enough to think about
business money, you care from the beginning to make sure that you have that in place. So the whole
thing is sustainable. I think it's very doable. But yeah, it's just a situation where again, they
kind of grew up in a time where just fundraising was super easy. So I think they got to a really
crazy place very quickly. And now that it's kind of like, okay, yeah, pay up for where you are. And
yeah, the investors are looking. I'm sure that the thing that happens is if you're doing well,
you can run your business however you want. You can do whatever and same thing you want. No one
is going to think twice. Everything you do is a genius move because you business is doing well.
Yeah. The moment it starts to not do well, suddenly there's like opinions everywhere. So I'm sure,
yeah, the big shareholders of hash a corporate looking at them being like, you have this much
adoption. You have competitors making money. Why are you allowing this? So there's probably
a crazy amount of pressure, but it's all very short term because this eventually just kills
what Terraform could continue to grow and be because if it's if it's not this ecosystem,
you know, it does it does get hurts. But that's kind of what they're suffering from.
Yeah, I wondered when you first started into the they're not doing well, how much of that was the
macro stuff. Yeah, hope that's a I don't know why am I am I at pessimist? I still feel like the
shoe hasn't dropped on all that stuff. Like it's going to take years for all of it unraveled,
but I don't know. Maybe AI will save the space. Maybe they'll just be so much advancement. Did
that sound like a joke? I was a new joke. No, I don't think it's a joke. I think that but that is
you are hinting at the larger pattern. There's inflationary things that happen, which are very
visible, but there's constant there's constantly deflationary stuff that's happening in like a
million different ways that is very invisible. So an AI is one of them. Can I ask you a question
that now I wonder if you know the answer if you could tell me about something that I heard a
little snippet about? Yeah. Did you hear anything about the Google AI search stuff? Like what Bing's
doing the Google's doing it now? I saw someone post a screenshot and I didn't look into it any
more than that. Yeah, I looked into it either. And I'm very curious what what it is, what that means.
From what I saw, it looked like they're going to show you AI results. AI type L like LOM type
results alongside normal results. Is that what I was alongside? Oh, maybe. I don't know.
That's what I'm asking. I wish you knew. Here, I was just talking about how you know everything.
And then you didn't. My knowledge cuts off at 2021.
Yeah, I do wonder from a product perspective what the right way is because right now we have
like a very focused experience of LOMs where you're like, I have a problem and I'm going to use now
that the catch up to solve it and you have a very focused experience. I think that actually
works pretty well. It worked better. It works better than I thought it would. I thought I would
never develop that habit, but I have developed it now. Yeah. But this idea of like mixing together
both things that does sound like a good idea. But I do wonder if it's just better to like
have two completely separate experiences. Yeah, I don't know if we talked about like
Google search, any of that stuff because it's something that's very top of mind for me.
No, what are you thinking? I mean, just wondering like what the trend over the next five years looks
like, like, is Google's business of just selling ads on search result pages? Is that actually in
jeopardy? Like the initial reaction when opening I launched at GPT, it was like, Google is dead.
And I don't know, like, I think everyone came off that a little bit, but is there some trend toward
like, this is a better way to index and search information on the web, like throw it all into
these giant models? I don't know. Is there like a fundamental change coming? I think yes,
for a lot of types of queries. But remember, we still don't have a great solution for integrating
into information. So anything that's somewhat real time, by real time, it's really like within the
past year, you can't use an LM for any of that. Yeah, I guess like, I assume that that problem goes away.
But I don't know how. I mean, like the plugin stuff, what about that? Like, they can use plugins to
search the plugins can like, can like do actions on a target, which can emulate searching.
Like there's some that search the web, like you can give them URLs and they'll fetch data from it.
But they're like using Google to do that, you know? Oh, yeah. Well, that's the other thing.
Like, I think it's like the chicken egg thing with Stack Overflow. It's like, oh, Stack Overflow
traffic is tanking. It's like, what's going to happen when there's no new information? Yeah,
because that's what it's all fed off of or feeding off. Yeah, like I said, I don't, I don't understand.
You know, this reminds me so much of, and it might, this might be completely unrelated. Do you know
the thing with radiated steel? No. LK99? No. Okay. So I don't remember the exact detail. So I'm
sure I'm going to get some details wrong. But generally, ever since we started blowing up nuclear
bombs, just on earth, the level of like background radiation has changed in the world. So when we
produce steel now, it like impacts how the steel comes out, which is fine for most cases. But for
highly precise scenarios, like building a Geiger counter, like building a thing that detects radiation,
you actually can't use modern manufactured steel. Do you have to make it on the moon or something?
Well, they recycle steel produced before a certain day. Whoa, that sucks. So there's a limited amount
of that. And it just kind of, but I think, I think the use cases right now are narrow. So I
think we're fine. I think similarly, I think carbon dating also has been impacted. I think,
I forgot what it is. I think the amount of carbon that you find on average in organic matter has
changed over the years. So like, you have to adjust for that. Yeah. But it's similar, it's
similar to the thing, because I'm like, now the AI is out. There's like a moment in time where
LLMs came out. And there's like a now, after that time, content that exists is some percentage
produced by humans, some percentage produced by LMS. Prior to that point, you can just ingest
all content, because all content was produced by humans for this part. So at this point, it's like,
if you're going to read, refeed in new data that is being created, some of that data is output
from that same from the LLMs. Yeah. Yeah. I see how you tied that with the nuclear bomb study.
That was, that was some expert level tying together. That was impressive. So I see the
is it bad though? Is it bad that it ingest its own, like, if other LLMs even are creating content
and like, some bigger model is being constructed that ingest that stuff, what does that mean?
Is it like in inbred models? Yeah, kind of, right. I think there's a there's a situation where
below a certain threshold, it makes you worse. It's like poison. Yeah. But if you ever get past
certain threshold, you immediately hit like the singularity, right? Because it's like, it's like
learning and feeding on itself infinite, like recursion of. Yeah. And I think there's like a
spectrum. I think there is like processes where like outputs are like refed back into inputs and
retrained, but in like a very like specific and controlled way. But like, just generally
ingesting data, I feel like the whole, I mean, the whole problem from the beginning has been like
having clearly labeled clean data. Yeah. That was like the massive part of like
the intensive effort that it took to build these things. And it just gets harder now,
because now it's like way more way more. Yeah, I feel throughout a lot of stuff. Yeah.
Yeah. I do wonder. Are people just like creating whole websites of AI content and like trying to
game SEO stuff and like build big? I bet that has to be happening, right? It's such low value
behavior. I know. I hate that idea so much. I just like, you really have to do this. Like,
I know there's people are going to be doing this, but like, can we just not? You know, it's like,
we just not anything else to do with your life. There's any, anything else. There's definitely
been some articles I've ended up on where I'm like, it's just a human. Did a human write this.
I didn't stay long. Yeah. I mean, even before all this stuff came out, this is already a thing
because in like the finance world, when news comes out so quickly, a lot of the articles,
people are consuming them in the posts, we're just like written using a bunch of heuristics,
like, okay, earnings came out if this, if that, if that is just article. Oh, there's a company that
did that. I know exactly what you're talking about and I can't remember. Yeah. They did it for sports,
which is in my, in my alley a little bit. Same thing. I think that's like real time.
It's like box for comes out and they just crank out this like report of what happened in the game
and it sounds kind of like color commentary, but it's just like a bunch of rules. Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. And now, so I'm sure people are doing that with, with LMS, but yeah, I don't know.
We'll see. Will they get better? How much better will they get? I think even if they don't get any
better, there's still like decades of work. Now we can do, I'm going to grade them into places
and make things more efficient. But yeah, that's always the fun part. Yeah. Have you done any more
digging? Are you, are you like still pursuing the LM thing? Now that you don't have to rewrite
SST and Terraform, you've got some time in your hands. No man. No rerunning SST and Terraform. I still,
I'm still hoping that Terraform thing plays out where we can, we can use it. Yeah. I'm talking to
the Pulumi people to see what, uh, how they're doing things. Yeah. I think they put Pulumi. Yeah.
I still want to do that. I feel like I'd still love Terraform. I think it's a really, really great tool.
The old works really well. Like no tool is perfect, but I think like compared to what we have in with CDK
and CloudFormation, and it is just so much better. So I think about that every day, every day I wake
up and I'm like, I see all the issues SST has and just like, this is in Terraform. This wouldn't be
a problem. Yeah. I'm so casually reading about all the all the stuff. Just like, it's kind of like
what I read before I go to sleep. I try to like look up some random stuff. Have you been on any,
any car path, the video, YouTube trails? No, I have. I remember that I remember that guy from like
years ago when I tried to get the machine learning like in the previous era of all this. Um, no,
I've even gone super. I'm not my approach hasn't really been like, I'm going to learn this topic.
It's been more like, I'm trying to, if I'm trying to do a specific thing, I feel like AI can help
this. And I'm trying to like reverse into how it could could do that. Yeah. Um, because basically
what I'm hoping to find out is here's a whole, like I'm trying to identify a category of products
that people are going to build, uh, or category of features and pros people are going to build
and figure out what gap there is from AWS bedrock to that and figure out, okay, here's what we need
to do. So let's bridge that necessity. Yeah, it makes sense. Yeah, like we might be nothing.
And hopefully it is nothing, but it likely is going to be something. Yeah.
Yeah, there's track record there, I think.
I think I don't have to pee. Like I haven't drank much, but I do need to eat. I haven't eaten yet
today. Now you need to eat. Can you tell I'm very low energy. I'm just, I'm in a great mood,
but I am fading. I'm fading. Yeah. It's, we got to remember, well, you also, you also did this
morning. So I'm sure you're tired. I was three hours of just, too. I had a private lesson at the end.
So I am, I am hungry. I'm going to eat a lot. We got to set a rule for the podcast. Like the
time that we start is not that important. So we should always eat beforehand. I think it's true.
We should always eat before. Yeah. I feel like I'm so zapped and not very fun. Sorry.
I don't want to just like, you know, just crank them out just because we can. We gotta, we gotta
make them good. I want to make the podcast. We need to take some like performance enhancing.
Yeah. There you go. PEDs for podcasting. Like what would that like? Probably the same stuff you
take for weightlifting. No, I just laugh thinking because like so many podcasts advertise like
alpha brain, like here's like your pill for your brain. I feel like that's a good, such a podcast
commercial thing. Yeah. Alpha brain. Let's do it. Maybe that's what we need to caffeine always works.
Do you do? Do you do caffeine daily? Do I do. No, I don't. I don't drink any. I mean, I think
I'm the kombucha. I drink. I'm sure has some out of caffeine. Are you still on the golden pineapple
kombucha's? Oh, yeah. I got one in the fridge. Let me count. Let me count. Oh, I've got a whole
bunch of three, four. Oh, this is five bottles behind five bottles. Yeah. I've got one in the fridge.
That's half empty. But this, can you see this? I don't know where the camera looks fancy. They
have stuff like that. They have stuff that looks like that nose art. You're so funny.
It's a watermelon juice with pineapple in it. There's always pineapple. I don't drink something
if there's not pineapple involved, but it's delicious. Mela, they make a passion fruit version and a
straight watermelon version. Delicious and watermelon juice. Well, we got there's a paper. We got to
go for the nutrition facts. Oh, yeah, we will. Do they add sugar? Is it? Oh, no, there's no sugar.
No, it's from the watermelon. There's sugar from the watermelon, but the ingredients are
watermelon juice, pineapple juice, vitamin C, natural flavors. Nice. That's pretty good. Mela.
They're really, it's just like watermelon juice. And did you know there's a paper about how
watermelon juice right after you work out? They're actually recovering. They're actually.
I haven't read it, but I trust it. It's delicious. This is a big fan of watermelon juice.
It's not carbonated. It's different than drinking a kombucha. It's a little lighter. It's just like
fruit juice. I wasn't joking when I said they have stuff that looks like that in the Ozarks.
Like when I see that, okay, so for people that are listening. Oh, really? It's this like neon green
like branded thing. It's actually yellow. But my camera might just be very good.
I'm I'm bad with color. So it just looks like so like brandy, like the most branded brandy thing
ever. Like I know they like hired some cool designer to make this. Well, this is like, yeah,
it's the product you could buy probably anywhere in the country. I think we get most of the product.
It's just a surprise. I just can't imagine something that looks like that in the Ozarks,
just feels incompatible. Oh, man. You probably got to flow in. Did you know they have Dr. Pepper
here in Coca Cola? That makes sense. That's like traditional American products. This is like,
but you don't expect the niche health food products. This is clearly a startup like that.
Start up with four people that work there. You need to see is there like Mela, is this a drink
you can get at your local like Publix or whatever? What do you go to? What a grocery store? Whole
foods? But yeah, we go to Publix sometimes. Yeah, like Whole Foods. I have one in Kansas.
In New York, there was this thing happened and maybe it's so happening around COVID around lockdown,
around peak zero interest rates. Seltzer took over to this point where there were like any time I
would walk into anywhere, a bodega, a grocery or whatever, a giant wall of like a hundred different
Seltzer brands. I swear all designed by a single design agency that was killing it because like,
they all just had like these. They all looked really good. It was almost like looking at art. It was
like a wall of like just crazy, nice designed packaging, but like so, so many brands. And they
all kind of looked like that like they were just like really well designed. And I was like, what is
happening where there's like a hundred Seltzer companies being founded? It's really just water.
I never enjoy, I don't enjoy sparkling water. I've never gotten into that.
Yeah, I'm not a huge fan, but like I get it. Like I get why people drink it. I'll have it some time
to time, but we just want crazy with it. Yeah, no, I remember when it was the big thing like at
every like investor office in San Francisco, they'd have like a fridge for them. Would you like
Lacroix? What flavor of Lacroix would you like? Is that Seltzer water? No, so is that different?
No, it isn't. That's I think that that was like the first one of the first ones that got really
popular. And I think they've been around for a long time. And it's like a million of them
showed up. And the only differentiator was like really good packaging. I'm not packaging. I'm not
diminishing it. Like it was like incredible packaging. Maybe some of the best art I've seen in my years
sucker for good branding. I really am. Yeah, like you can sell me so quickly, especially if you have
like a series of products, so they have like four different colors of these. Oh, perfect. It's like
the different flavors. And I'm just so sold when I see that, but try them all. Oh, yeah, and pick
your favorite pineapple. That's my favorite. All right, I'm going to go eat before I pass out.
This is good. Was it? Hey, it's good. I think so. I mean, it's always good to talk with you.
You know, like I'm glad that people listen to the podcast, but it's good just to stay in touch.
Even if I look forward to it. I think it's become so such a part of my routine. I'm like,
I think I need it at this point. Yeah. Yeah, we, I think once we're both not so busy,
we'll probably try and like, I don't know, I'll get back to making little clips and do more like
to spice it up. I don't know if anybody listening, you know, likes a little something spicy every
once in a while and mix it up. Get too crusty. We'll get back to that stuff. We're just in the in
the throes of things. Yeah. All right. Cool. All right. See you next. See you.